# Paramater configuration
```--data_input_dir```: str. Directory path where the ```grapht.txt```, ```dev.txt``` and ```test.txt``` files are 
located.

```--base_output_dir```: str. Base directory path where the results of the experiment (printed arguments, model, log file, etc.)
should be save to. The concrete folder of the experiment (whose name depends on the experiment's parameters
and date and time) is added to this base path.

```--vocab_dir```: str. Directory path where the ```relation_vocab.json``` and ```entity_vocab.json``` dictionaries are 
located. For datasets derived from Freebase, an additional ```fb15k_names.json``` file might be use to map the mid-codes
to human readable names.

```--load_model```: int. Either 0 or 1. Flag to check whether a trained model should be loaded and tested.
Setting this value to 1 skips the training and directly tests the model.

```--model_load_dir```: str. Directory path where the model is saved. The path should directly point towards the ```.ckpt```
file and the file should be called ```model.ckpt```.

```--pretrained_embeddings_path```: str. Directory path where pretrained embeddings are saved. If ```"0"``` (the default),
then no pretrained embeddings are used.

```--seed```: int. Seed for the experiment. Fixing the seed helps with reproducibility and in reducing variance, but due
to Tensorflow's non-deterministic behaviour, two runs with the same seed won't be exactly the same.

```--is_use_fixed_false_facts```: int. Either 0 or 1. Flag to check whether the ```dev.txt``` and ```test.txt``` file
already come with fixed negative facts to be used during testing. This flag is also responsible for telling whether
performance should be measured by MRR or by accuracy. ```0```  for link prediction (MRR), ```1``` for fact prediction (Acc).

```--use_entity_embeddings```*: int. Either 0 or 1. Flag to check whether the arguments should contain the target entities
or only the relations picked.

```--train_entity_embeddings```*: int. Either 0 or 1. Flag to check whether the entity embeddings should be trained
after initialization.

 ```--train_relation_embeddings```*: int. Either 0 or 1. Flag to check whether the relation embeddings should be trained
 after initialization.

```--total_iterations```*: int. Number of total iterations/episodes during training.

```--eval_every```: int. How often the current model should be tested on the ```dev``` set. Only after the validation is
the model saved, so ```eval_every``` should be less than ```total_iterations```. Only if the performance on the validation set
increased, the model is overwritten.

```--save_debate_every```*: int. How often the debate should be saved during training.

```--train_judge_every```*: int. How often the judge should be trained. The experiment starts by training the judge
```train_judge_every```-many rounds, then training the agents for the same amount, then switching back to training the judge
and so on.

```--rounds_sub_training```*: int. Number of iterations where false facts are generated by substituting the subject of
the query rather than the object. The rounds corresponds to the first total rounds, i.e. the last ```total_rounds - rounds_sub_training```
rounds are the only ones where this scheme is not used. Outside of ```rounds_sub_training``` only the judge is trained. 
  
```--max_num_action```*: int. Maximum branching factor for the knowledge graph created by the [RelationEntityGrapher](mycode/data/grapher.py).
This limits the maximum number of actions available to the agents at each time-step.

```--path_length```*: int. Length of the arguments.

```--number_arguments```*: int. Number of arguments each agent presents during the debate.

```--batch_size```*: int. Size of the sampled batch by the [RelationEntityBatcher](my_code/data/feed_data.py). This size
does not include the generated false facts or the multiple rollouts for each entry; only the number of facts that are taken
from the ```train.txt``` file. The 'true' batch size is ```batch_size * (1 + false_facts_train) * num_rollouts```

```--false_facts_train```*: int. For each true fact in the batch, number of false facts that should be added to the training batch.

```--num_rollouts```*: int. Number of rollouts for each fact (true or false) during training.

```--test_rollouts```*: Number of rollouts for each fact (true or false) during testing.

```--embedding_size```*: int. Size of the relations and entities embeddings for both agents and the judge.

```--hidden_size```*: int. Size of the hidden layers of the judge.

```--layers_judge```*: int. Number of hidden layers for the judge.

```--layers_agent```*: int. Number of hidden layers for the agents.

```--learning_rate_judge```*: float. Learning rate for the judge.

```--learning_rate_agents```*: float. Learning rate for the agents.

```--gamma```*: float. Discount factor for REINFORCE.

```--beta```*: float. Entropy regularization factor.

```--Lambda```*: float. Discount factor for the baseline.

```--grad_clip_norm```*: float. The clipping ratio for the norm.

Arguments marked with a ' * ' take as values a list of the corresponding type written as string, 
e.g. ```path_length="1 2 3"```. A grid search across all combinations is started then started.  





  


 


 